---
layout: post
title:  "DELPHYQ"
image: /games/2021/09/01/delphyq2.jpg
# anim:  /images/sitp.gif
date:   2021-09-1 15:08:22 +0800
categories: games
subtitle: "Delphyq offers a unique Real-time Strategy & Tactics experience, that puts you in the seat of the Mastermind"
description: Delphyq offers a unique Real-time Strategy & Tactics experience, that puts you in the seat of the Mastermind.
category: games
tags: 
- Turn-Based
- Tactical
author: "Dusk Wave Arts"
paginate: false
role: "Junior Game Engineer <br>Quality Assurance"
---
> Check out on [Steam][steam-link] &
> [Trailer on YouTube] [yt-link]

# Involvement
## Role 
<p>{{page.role}}</p>

## Tools
- Unity3D
- UniRX
- BehaviorDesigner
- Git
- FMOD
- Notion

## Involvement Summary


### Feature implementation


### Content implementation



# Game Information
Delphyq is a real-time tactics game, one that puts you in the role of a mastermind in command of an elite group of combatants known as the Operatives. Every move, every decision, every action, and reaction you make will influence and decide the outcome of each encounter you will face along the way.

One thing that separates Delphyq from the rest of the strategy and tactics crowd is the way it simulates real combat. Delphyq is not a turn-based game; despite it having a pause mechanic, combat is still handled in real-time. The game’s waypoints, look direction and dynamic cover systems open doors for intense, strategic, and memorable encounters. Advanced functions such as GoCodes and Operative skills provide access to deeper tactical maneuvers to deal with the game’s extremely intelligent utility-based AI enemies.

Each AI unit functions in conjunction with its environment; depending on the situation, it will also try to coordinate with other AI in the field and will attempt to flank the Operatives and/or engage them through the use of cover.

> Check it out on [Steam][steam-link] &
> [Dusk Wave Arts website] [dwa-link]

# REAL TACTICS IN REAL TIME
In Delphyq, combat does not happen in turns. The enemy won’t wait until you’re done firing. That’s why the game provides you access to a robust waypoint and command system which allows you to perform real life military tactics and maneuvers, like Slice The Pie, Flanking, Suppressive Fire, and more.

# TAKE COVER
The battlefield is an ally to the mindful. Delphyq’s Dynamic Cover System guarantees that nearby cover is always available wherever units may be, allowing you to keep your Operatives alive as they take down the enemy, one area at a time.

# BE THE MASTERMIND
Analyze. Plan. Execute. Plan from the top and work your way to the bottom with Delphyq’s engaging Overworld and Corkboard with the Intel planning system.

# WE DON’T PLAY WITH DICE
There’s no such thing as luck in Delphyq. Every hit, miss, victory and defeat are all dictated by your strategy, not a random number generator.

# NOTHING IS WHAT IT SEEMS
Intrigue and plot twists abound! Follow the story of the ragtag militant team - Operatives, as they commit to the daunting task of taking down the corrupt corporation called 'The Balance'. Witness as the story unfolds with one revelation after another, all culminating into an unexpected conclusion.

[steam-link]: https://store.steampowered.com/app/1150820/Delphyq/
[dwa-link]: https://duskwavearts.com/
[yt-link]: https://youtu.be/WyATX2cfBk0
